Light travels faster than sound. That's why some people appear bright until you hear them speak
I was wondering why the ball was getting bigger. Then it hit me
I have a few jokes about unemployed people, but none of them work
"I have a split personality," said Tom, being frank.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it
I Renamed my iPod The Titanic, so when I plug it in, it says “The Titanic is syncing.”
When life gives you melons, you're dyslexic
Will glass coffins be a success? Remains to be seen
Last night, I dreamed I was swimming in an ocean of orange soda. But it was just a Fanta sea
It's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally
I lost my job at the bank on my very first day. A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over
What’s the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy and the other is a little lighter
Two windmills are standing in a wind farm. One asks, “What’s your favorite kind of music?” The other says, “I’m a big metal fan.”
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He’s all right now
I can’t believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off
The man who survived pepper spray and mustard gas is now a seasoned veteran
My dad farted in an elevator, it was wrong on so many levels
Hear about the new restaurant called Karma? There’s no menu - you get what you deserve
What do you call a bee that can’t make up its mind? A maybe
I went to buy some camouflage trousers yesterday but couldn't find any
I tried to sue the airline for losing my luggage. I lost my case
England doesn't have a kidney bank, but it does have a Liverpool
All chemists know that alcohol is always a solution
A police officer just knocked on my door and told me my dogs are chasing people on bikes. That’s ridiculous. My dogs don’t even own bikes
Jill broke her finger today, but on the other hand she was completely fine
The furniture store keeps calling me to come back. But all I wanted was one night stand
When everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane
A cross-eyed teacher couldn’t control his pupils
She had a photographic memory but never developed it
When the past, present, and future go camping they always argue. It's intense tense in tents
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? SUPPLIES!
Let me tell you about my grandfather. He was a good man, a brave man. He had the heart of a lion, and a lifetime ban from the zoo
Is it ignorance or apathy that's destroying the world today? I don't know and don't really care
A mean crook going down stairs = A condescending con, descending
My dad, unfortunately, passed away when we couldn’t remember his blood type… His last words to us were, “Be positive!”
What do you call the wife of a hippie? A Mississippi
I wasn’t originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind
Which country’s capital has the fastest-growing population? Ireland. Every day it’s Dublin.
There was a kidnapping at school yesterday. Don’t worry, though - he woke up
How do you throw a space party? You planet
What do you get when you mix alcohol and literature? Tequila mockingbird
How does an attorney sleep? First he lies on one side, then he lies on the other
My ex-wife still misses me. But her aim is starting to improve
What washes up on tiny beaches? Microwaves
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday, the rest are weekdays
I hate how funerals are always at 9 a.m. I’m not really a mourning person
I was going to make a chemistry joke, but since I'm kinda late to the thread, the good ones argon
Two fish are in a tank, one says to the other "how do you drive this thing?"
What’s the difference between a poorly dressed man on a bicycle and a nicely dressed man on a tricycle? A tire
The guy who invented the door knocker got a no-bell prize
I saw an ad for burial plots, and I thought: “That’s the last thing I need!”
The other day I tried to make a chemistry joke, but got no reaction
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator
I don't suffer from insanity. I enjoy every minute of it
German sausage jokes are just the wurst
Need an ark? I Noah guy
I walked into my sister's room and tripped on a bra... It was a booby trap
I used to be indecisive; now I'm not so sure
Sleeping comes so naturally to me, I could do it with my eyes closed
What do you call the ghost of a chicken? A poultry-geist
How does Moses make coffee? Hebrews it
Police were called to a daycare center where a three-year-old was resisting a rest
I like European food so I decided to Russia over there because I was Hungary. After Czech'ing the menu I ordered Turkey. When I was Finnished I told the waiter 'Spain good but there is Norway I could eat another bite'
I'm on a seafood diet. Every time I see food, I eat it
He who laughs last thinks slowest
Why are frogs so happy? They eat whatever bugs them
The machine at the coin factory just suddenly stopped working, with no explanation. It doesn’t make any cents
What did the grape say when it got stepped on? Nothing - but it let out a little whine
What do you call a super articulate dinosaur? A Thesaurus
Why aren’t dogs good dancers? Because they have two left feet!
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs stuffed in your mailbox? Bill
Why is the number six afraid of seven? Because seven ate nine
Somebody stole all my lamps… I couldn’t be more de-lighted!
What did one flag say to the other? Nothing, it just waved.
How was Rome split in two? With a pair of Ceasars
I lost my mood ring, and I don't know how I'm feeling about that
I'm not a doctor but I'm losing my patience
I bought a boat because it was for sail
Being vegetarian was a huge missed-steak
What would you get if you'd put a lawyer in a suit? A lawsuit
