Why did the computer go to the dentist? It had a blue tooth
Why did the bicycle fall over? It was two tired
How does a cow do math? With a cow-culator!
What do you get when you cross a turtle with a porcupine? slowpoke
Why is a baseball stadium always cool? It is full of fans
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator!
Why did the toilet paper roll down the hill? To get to the bottom!
What is the witch’s favorite school subject? Spelling!
What did one wall say to the other wall? I’ll meet you at the corner!
Why can’t your nose be12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot
How do you get a tissue to dance? You put a little boogie in it
Why did they quit giving tests at the zoo? Because it was full of cheetahs
Why is a bad joke like a pencil? Because it has no point
What do you call a pig that knows karate? a pork chop!
Why are ghosts bad liars? Because you can see right through them!
What animal needs to wear a wig? bald eagle!
Where do polar bears keep their money? snow bank
What room can no one enter?  mushroom
What kind of key can never unlock a door? monkey
What has four wheels and flies? garbage truck
Why do graveyards have a fence around them? Because people are dying to get in
What did the cheerleader say to the ghost? Show your spirit
What did one eye say to the other? Between you and me something smells
What do you call fake noodles? Im-pasta
How does the ocean say hello? It waves
What do you call cheese that is not yours? Nacho cheese
What does a nosey pepper do? Gets jalapeno your business
What do you call a pig that knows karate? Pork Chop
Why can’t you give Elsa a balloon? Because she will let it go
What is the smartest kind of bee? spelling bee
Why do bees have sticky hair? They use a honey comb
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a potato? Mashed potatoes
What do you call an old snowman? Water
Why is a baseball stadium always cool? It is full of fans
Why did Santa go to music school? So he could improve his wrapping skills
Why couldn’t the pirate learn the alphabet? Because he was always lost at C
What did the man say when he walked into a bar? Ouch!
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday. Every other day is a weekday
What goes tick-tock and woof-woof? watchdog
What do you call a monkey that loves potato chips? chipmonk
What did the girl ocean say to the boy ocean when he asked her out on a date? Shore
Why do shoemakers go to heaven? Because they have good soles
What did one plate say to another plate? Dinner is on me
Why did they bury the battery? Because it was dead
What time is it when an elephant sits on your fence? Time to get a new fence
Why don’t dinosaurs eat clowns? Because they taste funny
Why did the girl throw a stick of butter? She wanted to see a butter fly
What did the finger say to thumb? I’m in glove with you
What has only one eye, but still can’t see? needle
If you still feel at a loss when your child says, “tell me a funny joke” here are a few more that I just added. I hope you haven’t heard these yet! I think they are some of the best kids jokes yet! Be prepared for silly fun
Why did the boy bring a ladder to school? He wanted to go to high school
What gets wetter the more it dries? towel!
Why do bicycles fall over? They are too tired
What did the pencil say to the paper? Write on!
Why was the baby strawberry crying? Because his parents were in a jam
Why did the scarecrow get a big promotion? Because he was outstanding in his field
What do you call a cow with three legs? Lean beef
Want me to tell you a joke about pizza? Sorry, it is too cheesy
Why was the broom late? It overswept
Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one
Why did Mozart sell his chickens? They kept saying, “Bach, Bach, Bach.”
What word starts with E and has only one letter in it? Envelope
Why is dark spelled with a K and not a C? Because you can’t see in the dark
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles
Why did the kid throw the clock out the window? He wanted to seetime fly
Why did the banana go to the doctor? It wasn’t peelingwell
What kind of tree can fit into your hand? palm tree!
How can you tell that a tree is a dogwood tree? By its bark!
What do you call a bear with no teeth? Gummy Bear
Why did the skeleton go to the dance alone? He had no body to go with him!
Why did the students eat their homework? Because the teacher told them that it was a piece of cake
What did the stamp say to the envelope? Stick with me, and we will go places!
Why wouldn’t the teacher bring the class to the pumpkin patch? It was in a seedy part of town
What’s another name for a clever duck? Wise quacker!
Why did the man run around his bed? To catch up on his sleep
Why didn’t the baby skeleton cross the road alone? Because his mummy was not there!
 What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef
What did the buffalo say to his kid when he dropped him off for school? Bison
What nails do carpenters hate hammering? Fingernails
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? Because if they flew over the bay they’d be bagels
What did the traffic light say to the car? Don’t peek – I’m changing!
What falls in winter but never gets hurt? The snow!
Why did the teacher put on sunglasses? Because her students were so bright!
How did Benjamin Franklin feel when he discovered electricity? Shocked!
What do you call a flower that runs on electricity? power plant!
Why couldn’t the pony sing in the choir? Because she was a little horse!
Why did the cookie go to the nurse? Because he felt crummy!
How do you keep a bull from charging? Take away its credit card!
What did one plate say to the other? Dinner is on me!
Why did the dinosaur cross the road? It was the chicken’s day off
What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire  Frostbite!
What do you call a sleeping bull? bulldozer!
What can you catch but not throw? cold!
What has hands but can’t clap? clock!
What do you call a dog that can tell time? watch dog!
What has a ton of ears but can’t hear a thing? cornfield
What goes up and down but does not move? Stairs
Why do the French like to eat snails? Because they don’t like fast food!
Why can’t Cinderella play soccer? Because she’s always running away from the ball
What did one toilet say to the other You look a bit flushed
Why did the computer go to the doctor? It had a virus
How does a cucumber become a pickle? It goes through a jarring experience
Why can’t a cheetah play hide and seek? Because he’s always spotted
What did the Dalmatian say after lunch? That hit the spot!
What did one toilet say to the other? You look flushed
Why do porcupines always win the game? They have the most points
